Add objectIdNumber to tree-react-api (#21115)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/gentle-eggs-heal.md

---
"@fluid-experimental/tree-react-api": minor
"__section": feature
---

> New experimental objectIdNumber API

Reviewer: Nit: to be more consistent with our recent patterns
```suggestion
New experimental objectIdNumber API has been added
```

> A new `objectIdNumber` has been added which is handy when an identifier is needed which corresponds to an object identity like when specifying a React "key" that corresponds to a `TreeNode`.

Reviewer: Nit (a bit of a run-on)
```suggestion
A new `objectIdNumber` has been added, which is handy when an identifier is needed which corresponds to an object identity.
For example: when specifying a React "key" that corresponds to a `TreeNode`.
```
